Button_Back=Back
input_action_map_default=General
input_action_map_ui=General
input_action_map_driving=Driving
input_action_map_combat=Combat
input_action_map_cinematic=Cinematic
input_action_map_debug=Debug
options_key_bindings_header_command=Command:
options_key_bindings_header_key_1=Key 1
options_key_bindings_header_key_2=Key 2
options_reset_all_bindings=Default Bindings
input_label_pausemenu=Pause
input_label_movepositive=Drive Forward
input_label_steeringpositive=Steer Left
input_label_steeringnegative=Steer Right
input_label_inventory=Inventory
input_label_charactersheet=Hero Sheet
input_label_relationships=Relationships
input_label_stagecoach=Stage Coach Sheet
input_label_showtorch=Show Torch
input_label_tokenreferenceview=Token Reference
input_label_takeallloot=Loot Take All
input_label_uialtmodifier=Hold Modifier
input_label_minimap=Minimap
input_label_biomepanel=Goals
input_label_routeselectionleft=Route Selection Left
input_label_routeselectionforward=Route Selection Forward
input_label_routeselectionright=Route Selection Right
input_label_combatskill1=Combat Skill 1
input_label_combatskill2=Combat Skill 2
input_label_combatskill3=Combat Skill 3
input_label_combatskill4=Combat Skill 4
input_label_combatskill5=Combat Skill 5
input_label_combatskill6=Combat Skill 6
input_label_combatskill7=Combat Skill 7
input_label_combatskill8=Combat Skill 8
input_label_combatskill9=Combat Skill 9
input_label_combatskill10=Combat Skill 10
input_label_combatinspect=Hero Sheet
input_label_academicview_hold=Academic View (Hold)
input_label_academicview_toggle=Academic View (Toggle)
input_label_not_set=Not Set
input_label_press_key_to_set=<color=#{notable}>Setting Key</color>
input_label_moveforward=Drive
input_label_movestop=Stop Driving
input_label_steeringleft=Steer Left
input_label_steeringright=Steer Right
input_label_splitstack=Split Item Stack
input_label_selectleft=Select Left
input_label_selectright=Select Right