hero_story_man_at_arms_chapter_title_0=A Premature Promotion
hero_story_man_at_arms_chapter_title_1=A Leader of Men
hero_story_man_at_arms_chapter_title_2=One Eye Open
hero_story_man_at_arms_chapter_title_3=Ghosts of the Past
hero_story_man_at_arms_chapter_title_4=In the Trenches
##MAA 1 ACTORS
herostory_maa_combat_1=Man-at-Arms
herostory_maa_combat_1_soldier_enemy=Enemy Soldier
herostory_maa_combat_1_soldier_friendly=Comrade-in-Arms
##MAA 1 SKILLS
skill_name_maa_combat_1_attack=Attack!
skill_name_maa_combat_1_retreat=Strategic Retreat
skill_name_maa_combat_1_inspire=Inspire
skill_name_maa_combat_1_idontknow=I Don't Know!
skill_name_maa_combat_1_soldier_friendly_confusion=Conflicting Orders
skill_name_maa_combat_1_soldier_friendly_charge=Every Man For Himself
skill_name_maa_combat_1_soldier_friendly_shakeitoff=Shake It Off
skill_name_maa_combat_1_soldier_friendly_prepare=Prepare To Attack
skill_name_maa_combat_1_soldier_enemy_slash=Thrust
skill_name_maa_combat_1_soldier_enemy_defend=Defend
##MAA 2 ACTORS
herostory_maa_combat_2=Man-at-Arms
herostory_maa_combat_2_ghost=Fallen Comrade
herostory_maa_combat_2_ghost_remains=Fallen's Remains
herostory_maa_combat_2_ghost_tombstone=Grave
##MAA 2 SKILLS
skill_name_maa_combat_2_ghost_slash=Slash
skill_name_maa_combat_2_ghost_wail=Wail
skill_name_maa_combat_2_ghost_anger=Anger of the Fallen
skill_name_maa_combat_2_shovelful_of_dirt=Rest In Peace
skill_name_maa_combat_2_honor_the_dead=Honor the Dead
skill_name_maa_combat_2_pour_one=Pour One Out
##MAA 1 BARKS
bark_herostory_maa_1_round_1=Onward to glory!
bark_herostory_maa_1_round_2=A-a setback - hold the line!
bark_herostory_maa_1_round_3=Advance?!  Flank?!
bark_herostory_maa_1_round_4=W-what do I do?!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_attack=About face..No, forward! FORWARD!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_attack=Ready swords and uh...shields!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_attack=Didn't I already order you to attack?
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_idontknow=Why are you asking ME?!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_idontknow=Just where did my formations manual go?
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_idontknow=Better to wait for the general's orders...
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_inspire=Some have written death is just a new beginning!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_inspire=One less leg means one less shoe to buy!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_inspire=I vow to bury you all with dignity!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_retreat=Flank..no RUN - er RETREAT!
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_retreat=Hold the line ..or should we regroup?
bark_herostory_maa_combat_1_retreat=Routed?! This is your fault!
battle_goal_man_at_arms_chapter_2=Onward To Glory!
battle_goal_man_at_arms_chapter_4=Honour The Fallen