hero_story_plague_doctor_chapter_title_0=The Good Student
hero_story_plague_doctor_chapter_title_1=Head of the Class
hero_story_plague_doctor_chapter_title_2=Extra Credit
hero_story_plague_doctor_chapter_title_3=Failing Grade
hero_story_plague_doctor_chapter_title_4=Do No Harm
herostory_pd_combat_1=Plague Doctor
herostory_pd_combat_1_professor=Professor
herostory_pd_combat_1_student=Students
herostory_pd_combat_1_lectern=Lectern
herostory_pd_combat_1_bookstack=Books
skill_name_pd_combat_1_check_notes=Review Notes
skill_name_pd_combat_1_rebuttal=Heated Rebuttal
skill_name_pd_combat_1_professor_lecture=Lecture
skill_name_pd_combat_1_professor_conclusion=Conclusion
skill_name_pd_combat_1_professor_sit_down=SIT DOWN!
skill_name_pd_combat_1_professor_class_dismissed=Class Dismissed!
skill_name_pd_combat_1_professor_coughing_fit=Coughing Fit
skill_name_pd_combat_1_student_laughter=Derisive Snickers
herostory_pd_combat_2=Plague Doctor
herostory_pd_combat_2_ghoul_prof=Reanimated Professor
herostory_pd_combat_2_apparatus=Apparatus
herostory_pd_combat_2_prof_labgear=Lab Gear
herostory_pd_combat_2_labgear=Lab Gear
skill_name_pd_combat_2_restrain=Restrain
skill_name_pd_combat_2_stitch=Stitch
skill_name_pd_combat_2_miraculous_surgery=Miraculous Surgery
skill_name_pd_combat_2_scalpel_stab=Stab
skill_name_pd_combat_2_ghoul_prof_wail=Wail
bark_herostory_pd_1_failed_rebuttle=Best I wait 'til his rambling is done...
bark_herostory_pd_1_lecture=What a buffoon!
bark_herostory_pd_1_conclusion=Now, the lesson truly begins!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_wail=P-professor, please!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_restrain_bark=Please keep still!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_restrain_bark=Stop struggling!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_restrain_bark=Let me help you!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_stitch_bark=You're bleeding!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_stitch_bark=...the wound grows!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_stitch_bark=Your flesh...it tears!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_scalpelstab_bark=Please forgive me!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_scalpelstab_bark=Professor, I'm sorry!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_scalpelstab_bark=I'll end your pain!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_ghoul_prof_wail_bark=GYAAAAHHHH!!!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_ghoul_prof_wail_bark=WOOOOOHHHHHNNNNNNGG!!!!!
bark_herostory_pd_combat_2_ghoul_prof_wail_bark=RALLRRRRGGGGG!!!
battle_goal_plague_doctor_chapter_2=Disprove The Professor
battle_goal_plague_doctor_chapter_4=Stabilize The Patient