hero_story_runaway_chapter_title_0=The Pigs of St. Martha's
hero_story_runaway_chapter_title_1=Beloved
hero_story_runaway_chapter_title_2=Drawn to the Flame
hero_story_runaway_chapter_title_3=Burnt Offering
hero_story_runaway_chapter_title_4=Ashes
##RUNAWAY 1 ACTORS
herostory_run_combat_1=Runaway
herostory_run_combat_1_nun=Prioress
herostory_run_combat_1_pillar_1=Statuary
herostory_run_combat_1_pillar_2=Statuary
herostory_run_combat_1_pillar_3=Statuary
##RUNAWAY 2 ACTORS
herostory_run_combat_2=Runaway
herostory_run_combat_2_scrap_pile=Pile Of Scrap
herostory_run_combat_2_stove=Stove
herostory_run_combat_2_chair=Chair
#RUNAWAY 1 SKILLS
bark_herostory_run_1_combat_start=Keep quiet.  Get the keys.  <i>Get out.</i>
skill_name_run_combat_1_hide=Hide
skill_name_run_combat_1_pick_pocket=Pick Pocket
skill_name_run_combat_1_tiptoe=Tiptoe
skill_name_run_combat_1_nun_search=Show Yourself
skill_name_run_combat_1_nun_brand=Impudent Child
skill_name_run_combat_1_nun_nothing_found=Come Out Or Else
skill_name_pass_runaway=Pass
#RUNAWAY 2 SKILLS
skill_name_run_combat_2_spark=Spark Flint
skill_name_run_combat_2_fuel=Feed The Flame
skill_name_run_combat_2_smother=Smother The Fire
skill_name_run_combat_2_scrap_pile_licking_flames=Licking Flames
skill_name_run_combat_2_scrap_pile_riposte=Careless Burn
skill_name_run_combat_2_chair_licking_flames=Licking Flames
skill_name_run_combat_2_chair_riposte=Careless Burn
skill_name_run_combat_2_stove_licking_flames=Licking Flames
skill_name_run_combat_2_stove_riposte=Careless Burn
battle_goal_runaway_chapter_1=Steal The 2 Keys And Escape
battle_goal_runaway_chapter_4=Play With Fire
bark_herostory_run_2_combat_start=An ember jumped from the stove!
bark_herostory_run_2_smother=Hm.  Disappointing.
bark_herostory_run_2_smother=Sigh
bark_herostory_run_2_smother=Ah well...
bark_herostory_run_2_spark=Ooo it dances!
bark_herostory_run_2_spark=What delight!
bark_herostory_run_2_spark=Wonderful!
bark_herostory_run_2_fuel=It's...so beautiful...
bark_herostory_run_2_fuel=The shapes...the colors...
bark_herostory_run_2_fuel=It dances...captivating...