hero_story_hellion_chapter_title_0=The Eve of Glory
hero_story_hellion_chapter_title_1=The Brave
hero_story_hellion_chapter_title_2=Night in the Woods
hero_story_hellion_chapter_title_3=Shame and Exile
hero_story_hellion_chapter_title_4=The Great Emptiness
herostory_hel_combat_1=Hellion
herostory_hel_combat_1_tree=Scarred Oak
herostory_hel_combat_2=Hellion
actor_class_herostory_hel_combat_1_clanmate=Clanmates
skill_name_hel_combat_1_move_skill=Move
skill_name_hel_combat_1_cower=Cower
skill_name_hel_combat_1_falcon_strike=Howling End
skill_name_hel_combat_1_falcon_strike_weak=Howling End
skill_name_hel_combat_1_war_cry=War Cry
skill_name_hel_combat_1_war_cry_weak=War Cry
skill_name_hel_combat_1_rally=Rally
bark_herostory_hel_1_round_1=Tip of the spear!
bark_herostory_hel_1_round_2=T-they're slaughtering us?!
bark_herostory_hel_1_round_3=N-no!  I have to hide!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_rally=They are upon us! To me!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_rally=We are overrun! Help!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_rally=Support me before we are overrun!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_clanmate_dead=No! I need you!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_clanmate_dead=I can't do this alone!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_clanmate_dead=The invaders are too strong!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_cower_bark=Please let this all be a terrible nightmare!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_cower_bark=I beg that you spare me!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_1_cower_bark=Please don't kill me! Please!
herostory_hel_combat_1_cultist=Soldier
skill_name_hel_combat_1_cultist_attack=Subjugating Strike
skill_name_hel_combat_1_cultist_taunt=Goading Sneer
skill_name_hel_combat_1_cultist_victory_cry=Victorious Taunt
herostory_hel_combat_1_clanmate=Clanmate
skill_name_hel_combat_1_clanmate_attack=Harried Swing
#
bark_herostory_hel_2_round_1=How can I face them?
skill_name_hel_combat_2_apologize=Pleading Apology
skill_name_hel_combat_2_avoid=Conceding Cower
herostory_hel_combat_2_villager=Grieving Widow
skill_name_hel_combat_2_villager_blame=Vindictive Accusation
skill_name_hel_combat_2_villager_rotten_veg=Spoiled Slops
bark_herostory_hel_combat_2_apology_bark=Please! Forgive me!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_2_cower_bark=I deserve this!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_2_accusation_bark=Rot in every hell!
bark_herostory_hel_combat_2_throwveg_bark=We'll never forgive you!
battle_goal_hellion_chapter_2=Prove Yourself!
battle_goal_hellion_chapter_4=Atone For Cowardice