story_icon_description_icon_story_affinity_mixed_Preview=Affinity +/-
story_icon_description_icon_story_affinity_neg_Preview=Affinity -
story_icon_description_icon_story_affinity_pos_Preview=Affinity +
story_icon_description_icon_story_armor_Preview=Armor
story_icon_description_icon_story_avoid_Preview=Avoid
story_icon_description_icon_story_baubles_Preview=Baubles
story_icon_description_icon_story_buff_Preview=Buff
story_icon_description_icon_story_coach_upgrade_loot_Preview=Stagecoach Items
story_icon_description_icon_story_combat_Preview=Combat
story_icon_description_icon_story_combat_item_loot_Preview=Combat Items
story_icon_description_icon_story_debuff_Preview=Debuff
story_icon_description_icon_story_disease_Preview=Disease
story_icon_description_icon_story_doom_dmg_Preview=Loathing +
story_icon_description_icon_story_doom_heal_Preview=Loathing -
story_icon_description_icon_story_doom_mixed_Preview=Loathing +/-
story_icon_description_icon_story_food_large_Preview=Large Food
story_icon_description_icon_story_food_loot_Preview=Food
story_icon_description_icon_story_food_med_Preview=Food
story_icon_description_icon_story_food_small_Preview=Small Food
story_icon_description_icon_story_health_dmg_Preview=HP-
story_icon_description_icon_story_health_heal_Preview=HP+
story_icon_description_icon_story_health_large_Preview=HP (large)
story_icon_description_icon_story_health_med_Preview=HP
story_icon_description_icon_story_health_mixed_Preview=HP +/-
story_icon_description_icon_story_health_small_Preview=HP (small)
story_icon_description_icon_story_icon_stun_Preview=Stun
story_icon_description_icon_story_map_reveal_Preview=Scouting
story_icon_description_icon_story_mystery_treasure_loot_Preview=Mixed Treasure
story_icon_description_icon_story_quirk_mixed_Preview=Quirk (mixed)
story_icon_description_icon_story_quirk_negative_Preview=Quirk (neg)
story_icon_description_icon_story_quirk_positive_Preview=Quirk (pos)
story_icon_description_icon_story_relic_large_Preview=Many Relics
story_icon_description_icon_story_relic_loot_Preview=Relics
story_icon_description_icon_story_relic_med_Preview=Relics
story_icon_description_icon_story_relic_small_Preview=Few Relics
story_icon_description_icon_story_rest_loot_Preview=Inn Items
story_icon_description_icon_story_scouting_Preview=Scouting
story_icon_description_icon_story_stress_dmg_Preview=Stress +
story_icon_description_icon_story_stress_heal_Preview=Stress -
story_icon_description_icon_story_stress_large_Preview=Large Stress
story_icon_description_icon_story_stress_med_Preview=Stress
story_icon_description_icon_story_stress_mixed_Preview=Stress (+/-)
story_icon_description_icon_story_stress_small_Preview=Small Stress
story_icon_description_icon_story_supplies_large_Preview=Many Supplies
story_icon_description_icon_story_supplies_med_Preview=Supplies
story_icon_description_icon_story_supplies_small_Preview=Few Supplies
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_adrenaline_Preview=Adrenaline
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_benediction_Preview=Benediction
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_blind-line_Preview=Blind
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_block_Preview=Block
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_combo_Preview=Combo
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_corpulent_Preview=Corpulent
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_counteraction_Preview=Counteraction
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_counterheal_Preview=Counterheal
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_crit_Preview=Crit
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_critreceived_Preview=Crit Received
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_daze_Preview=Daze
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_deflect_Preview=Deflect
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_dodge_Preview=Dodge
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_dodge+_Preview=Dodge+
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_extratarget_Preview=Extra Target
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_food_Preview=Food
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_guard_Preview=Guard
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_hunger_Preview=Hunger
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_immoblize_Preview=Immobilize
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_move_Preview=Move
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_riposte_Preview=Riposte
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_speed_Preview=Speed
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_stealth_Preview=Stealth
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_strength_Preview=Strength
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_taunt_Preview=Taunt
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_turn_Preview=Turn
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_uc_power_Preview=Unchecked Power
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_vulnerable_Preview=Vulnerable
story_icon_description_icon_story_token_weak_Preview=Weak
story_icon_description_icon_story_torch_Preview=Flame
story_icon_description_icon_story_torch_large_Preview=Large Flame
story_icon_description_icon_story_torch_med_Preview=Flame
story_icon_description_icon_story_torch_mixed_Preview=Mixed Flame
story_icon_description_icon_story_torch_small_Preview=Small Flame
story_icon_description_icon_story_treasure_large_Preview=Large Treasure
story_icon_description_icon_story_treasure_med_Preview=Treasure
story_icon_description_icon_story_treasure_small_Preview=Small Treasure
story_icon_description_icon_story_trinket_loot_Preview=Trinket
story_icon_description_icon_story_wheel_Preview=Wheels
story_icon_description_icon_blight_Preview=Blight
story_icon_description_icon_buff_Preview=Buff
story_icon_description_icon_condition_Preview=The icon_condition_Preview icon would look for this string.
story_icon_description_icon_debuff_Preview=Debuff
story_icon_description_icon_disease_Preview=Disease
story_icon_description_icon_move_Preview=Move
story_icon_description_icon_story_wine_Preview=Strange Wines
story_icon_description_icon_story_books_Preview=Books