party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_highwayman_man_at_arms=The Unusual Suspects
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_highwayman_man_at_arms=Standard Flip
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_grave_robber_man_at_arms=The Shuffle
party_name_highwayman_plague_doctor_grave_robber_man_at_arms=Backstabbers
party_name_grave_robber_highwayman_plague_doctor_man_at_arms=Special Treatment
party_name_highwayman_grave_robber_plague_doctor_man_at_arms=Bedside Manner
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_man_at_arms_highwayman=Knowledge Highway
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_man_at_arms_highwayman=Point Blank Inspection
party_name_plague_doctor_man_at_arms_grave_robber_highwayman=Highway Robbery
party_name_man_at_arms_plague_doctor_grave_robber_highwayman=The Stick Up
party_name_man_at_arms_grave_robber_plague_doctor_highwayman=The Rear Guard
party_name_grave_robber_man_at_arms_plague_doctor_highwayman=The Entrance
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_man_at_arms_grave_robber=Fall From Grace
party_name_highwayman_plague_doctor_man_at_arms_grave_robber=Dignitary's Escort
party_name_plague_doctor_man_at_arms_highwayman_grave_robber=Robbed Blind
party_name_man_at_arms_plague_doctor_highwayman_grave_robber=The Chain Of Command
party_name_highwayman_man_at_arms_plague_doctor_grave_robber=Night Cap
party_name_man_at_arms_highwayman_plague_doctor_grave_robber=The Magpies
party_name_grave_robber_highwayman_man_at_arms_plague_doctor=Crimson Cross
party_name_highwayman_grave_robber_man_at_arms_plague_doctor=The Expedition
party_name_grave_robber_man_at_arms_highwayman_plague_doctor=The Archeologists
party_name_man_at_arms_grave_robber_highwayman_plague_doctor=Tomb Raiders
party_name_highwayman_man_at_arms_grave_robber_plague_doctor=The Morgue
party_name_man_at_arms_highwayman_grave_robber_plague_doctor=A Grave Prognosis
party_name_occultist_runaway_jester_hellion=Twist and Bleed
party_name_runaway_occultist_man_at_arms_hellion=The Reverse Sear
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_runaway_hellion=Sisters of Battle
party_name_hellion_plague_doctor_man_at_arms_highwayman=Highway to Hell
party_name_grave_robber_highwayman_man_at_arms_jester=Insane Crown Posse
party_name_runaway_plague_doctor_occultist_jester=A Fool's Mistake
party_name_jester_highwayman_hellion_leper=Brute Squad
party_name_occultist_plague_doctor_hellion_leper=Blood Train
party_name_occultist_jester_highwayman_leper=The Meat Grinder
party_name_highwayman_grave_robber_man_at_arms_leper=A Bold Move
party_name_grave_robber_highwayman_man_at_arms_leper=The Iron Crown
party_name_highwayman_jester_man_at_arms_leper=The Queue
party_name_occultist_highwayman_man_at_arms_leper=The Carpenters
party_name_occultist_jester_runaway_leper=The Butcher's Circus
party_name_occultist_plague_doctor_runaway_leper=Wyrd Science
party_name_plague_doctor_runaway_highwayman_man_at_arms=Travellers by Gaslight
party_name_grave_robber_highwayman_jester_man_at_arms=The Crimson Dance
party_name_occultist_plague_doctor_hellion_runaway=Death by Inches
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_highwayman_runaway=Fear the Reaper
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_highwayman_runaway=The Laboratory
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_hellion_runaway=Running with the Devil
party_name_occultist_plague_doctor_highwayman_hellion=If It Bleeds, It Leads
party_name_plague_doctor_runaway_hellion_grave_robber=Finishing School
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_runaway_hellion=Cut And Run
party_name_occultist_jester_leper_grave_robber=Grave Dancers
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_hellion_leper=Meat Cute
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_grave_robber_highwayman=The Dismal Science
party_name_plague_doctor_jester_highwayman_leper=The Best Medicine
party_name_occultist_runaway_highwayman_man_at_arms=Arms to Farewell
party_name_occultist_jester_highwayman_runaway=Riding Shotgun
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_hellion_runaway=Eye of the Beholder
party_name_occultist_runaway_jester_leper=The New Blood
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_highwayman_runaway=Wall of Fire
party_name_plague_doctor_jester_hellion_runaway=Hot Blooded
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_runaway_highwayman=Thieves Guild
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_hellion_runaway=The Defiant
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_man_at_arms_highwayman=Honor Among Thieves
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_runaway_plague_doctor=Project Runaway
party_name_occultist_jester_leper_hellion=Devil's Advocate
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_runaway_highwayman=By Hook or by Crook
party_name_occultist_jester_hellion_runaway=Powder Keg
party_name_occultist_highwayman_grave_robber_runaway=Whisper in a Whirlwind
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_runaway_grave_robber=Short Arms, Deep Pockets
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_highwayman_leper=Pat Hand
party_name_occultist_leper_man_at_arms_plague_doctor=Delenda Est
party_name_plague_doctor_runaway_highwayman_jester=The Lottery
party_name_plague_doctor_jester_man_at_arms_runaway=False Shine
party_name_occultist_hellion_plague_doctor_runaway=Red Azimuth
party_name_occultist_highwayman_hellion_runaway=Blood Zenith
party_name_jester_grave_robber_highwayman_leper=Caveat Emptor
party_name_occultist_runaway_leper_jester=Dulce est Desipere
party_name_occultist_highwayman_jester_runaway=Favor the Bold
party_name_highwayman_grave_robber_runaway_plague_doctor=Manu Propria
party_name_occultist_hellion_highwayman_runaway=The Deluge
party_name_occultist_man_at_arms_grave_robber_runaway=The Defectors
party_name_occultist_highwayman_grave_robber_hellion=Devil's Due
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_hellion_leper=Night Terrors
party_name_runaway_jester_occultist_plague_doctor=Cause and Effect
party_name_occultist_plague_doctor_runaway_hellion=Forces of Nature
party_name_occultist_man_at_arms_plague_doctor_jester=The Mind's Eye
party_name_occultist_highwayman_plague_doctor_hellion=In The Red
party_name_plague_doctor_jester_hellion_leper=A Cut Above
party_name_occultist_runaway_plague_doctor_jester=Bittersweet Symphony
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_plague_doctor_runaway=Smoke and Mirrors
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_jester_occultist=The Prestige
party_name_occultist_highwayman_leper_jester=Live on Tour
party_name_plague_doctor_jester_grave_robber_occultist=Occlusion Culling
party_name_plague_doctor_highwayman_jester_grave_robber=Masquerade Ball
party_name_occultist_leper_grave_robber_jester=Death's Waltz
party_name_occultist_plague_doctor_jester_runaway=Blaze Black
party_name_occultist_highwayman_runaway_hellion=Burning Rage
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_leper_man_at_arms=The Diplomats
party_name_plague_doctor_jester_highwayman_runaway=Wolf on the Fold
party_name_occultist_jester_leper_man_at_arms=Blunt Force
party_name_jester_vestal_plague_doctor_leper=The Motley
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_hellion_leper=Outcasts
party_name_occultist_vestal_highwayman_leper=Unlikely Tetret
party_name_highwayman_vestal_grave_robber_hellion=Guns 'n Roses
party_name_vestal_plague_doctor_runaway_hellion=Sisters of Mercy
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_vestal_man_at_arms=Hook, Serve, Delicious
party_name_vestal_jester_hellion_leper=Ghost Busters
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_vestal_leper=Doctor / Patient
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_vestal_hellion=Valkyries
party_name_grave_robber_vestal_highwayman_man_at_arms=The Collection
party_name_plague_doctor_vestal_runaway_occultist=Safe Than Sorry
party_name_jester_occultist_vestal_leper=Light and Darkness
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_jester_highwayman=Knives
party_name_vestal_runaway_grave_robber_hellion=Night Out
party_name_leper_hellion_vestal_occultist=Folie Ã  Quatre
party_name_occultist_vestal_man_at_arms_hellion=Shouting Match
party_name_vestal_jester_man_at_arms_leper=Old King's Court
party_name_occultist_vestal_highwayman_hellion=Divine Intervention
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_hellion_man_at_arms=Yellow Brick Road
party_name_plague_doctor_vestal_occultist_hellion=Cultural Exchange
party_name_vestal_plague_doctor_highwayman_man_at_arms=The Uneasy Suspects
party_name_plague_doctor_vestal_occultist_leper=Triage
party_name_jester_vestal_man_at_arms_hellion=Requiem
party_name_vestal_plague_doctor_occultist_man_at_arms=Third Opinion
party_name_vestal_jester_highwayman_man_at_arms=Deja Vu
party_name_occultist_vestal_runaway_leper=Stars Above
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_vestal_runaway=Conflagration
party_name_occultist_jester_flagellant_leper=Crimson Court
party_name_vestal_occultist_flagellant_hellion=Grave Discomfort
party_name_occultist_runaway_highwayman_flagellant=Hunted
party_name_highwayman_flagellant_man_at_arms_hellion=Haunted
party_name_plague_doctor_vestal_flagellant_leper=Rue Morgue 
party_name_vestal_plague_doctor_flagellant_leper=The Malady Militia
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_hellion_flagellant=Near Death
party_name_vestal_runaway_flagellant_man_at_arms=Rain of Sorrows
party_name_grave_robber_jester_flagellant_leper=No Regrets
party_name_plague_doctor_occultist_flagellant_leper=Biology Assignment
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_highwayman_flagellant=Graveyard Shift
party_name_occultist_grave_robber_flagellant_leper=La Danse Macabre
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_runaway_flagellant=Toxin Trickery
party_name_occultist_man_at_arms_flagellant_hellion=Army of Fools
party_name_highwayman_plague_doctor_hellion_flagellant=The Harbingers
party_name_runaway_man_at_arms_flagellant_leper=Ruthless Orchestra
party_name_jester_man_at_arms_flagellant_grave_robber=The Stumbling Corpse
party_name_grave_robber_occultist_plague_doctor_flagellant=Grave Prognosis
party_name_vestal_jester_flagellant_leper=Bitter Memories
party_name_occultist_flagellant_hellion_leper=Pain and Power
party_name_occultist_flagellant_highwayman_leper=Borrowed Time
party_name_plague_doctor_runaway_leper_flagellant=Doctor's Orders
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_flagellant_leper=Blight Town
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_flagellant_hellion=Cadaver Caravan
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_flagellant_leper=Rot Squad
party_name_runaway_occultist_leper_flagellant=Fever Dream
party_name_plague_doctor_grave_robber_occultist_flagellant=Rain of Blight
party_name_plague_doctor_hellion_vestal_flagellant=Medical Breakthrough 
party_name_grave_robber_plague_doctor_flagellant_runaway=Dying Blight
party_name_vestal_runaway_flagellant_leper=Last Light
party_name_grave_robber_flagellant_hellion_leper=The Bell Tolls
party_name_grave_robber_highwayman_man_at_arms_flagellant=The Iron Fortress